soho guys what's up enter name here 77
and this is more star warfare stuff yeah
so today I am making an announcement
about something you guys have been
wanting for quite a little bit and that
is playing with subscribers so on may 11
2013 that's one week one week away on a
Saturday from about 2 p.m. to about 4pm
i guess pacific time i will be logging
on I will make my own lobby I will make
a password which i will then ok that's
cool let me try that again I will make a
password I'll I'll put the passwords in
the comments below or in the description
whatever and basically just type that
code in and you should be able to join
uh provided that it's an open lobby
meaning that it's not full but yeah
that's that's what I plan to do um I
just wanted to make this video to
announce that and I get some gameplay
but uh there you go yeah that's that's
that you guys have been asking for that
for a while and I have some time cleared
up so I can not do that so hope you guys
will enjoy I don't know if I'm gonna
record me playing that it's just kind of
just for fun oh sure I'll join that one
so just a quick match today ok that
balanced out pretty quick just a couple
of short matches I don't all i wanted to
do is just kind of let you guys know
about that i mean one week in advance i
think is good enough ok
okay cool lag in about a little bit but
that's it's fine if more people don't
know ah ok so we're losing by quite a
bit I I think this is a timed match
instead of a like a score with a cap so
gotta keep killin I guess people down
there looks like they're just oh there
there there is
okay I like how they ganged up on me and
no one else on my team showed up to help
so that's fine that's cool that's cool
oh also I'm not wearing my pvp backpack
no that's kind of unfortunate I didn't
check my load out before starting this
up but uh that's what I get for not not
paying attention
can I get a triple oh is this I think I
got the don't think I got the triple on
that one would you care to get out of
the way all right well I was that was
disappointing to say the least my thing
I did all right I did all right there
you go now in positive anyways yeah
still show up uh that'd be great I'd
love to play with you guys you guys
sound real real real cool to play with I
guess um yeah i'll just be making a
match i might uh leave and make new new
post new matches every once in a while
but I mean two hours she got about two
hours to uh join in and play for a
little bit so yeah that'll be fun I may
or maynot record depends but yeah the
password will be in the comments or
description below and its mate 11 2013
on a Saturday and yeah so show up hey
cool and see you guys then and yeah bye
that's that's it bye